Another update (#29)
contember/docs: docs/content/event-log.md

---
title: Event log and history
---

Every operation changing the content is logged in an event log.

:::note events and migrations
Events in event log are NOT transformed when you execute a migration.
:::

## Querying the event log

Anyone with [history permission](/schema/acl.md#history) can query the event log. You can do it by sending GraphQL `events` query to `/system/<project>` endpoint.

#### Example: listing events

```graphql
query {
    events {
        id
        # ...
    }
}
```

### Event log: fields

There are 3 GraphQL types of events: `UpdateEvent`, `CreateEvent` and `DeleteEvent` with following fields available 

:::note fields availability

> Availability of `oldValues`, `diffValues` and `newValues` fields depends on the type of event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields `oldValues`, `diffValues` and `newValues` are available only for some event types. See notes in table below. 
```

:::

| Field               | GraphQL Type | Description |
| ------              | ----         | ----------- |
| id                  | `String!`    | Unique identifier of the event |
| type                | `EventType!` | One of `UPDATE`, `DELETE` and `CREATE` |
| createdAt           | `DateTime!`  | When the event was created |
| appliedAt           | `DateTime!`  | When the event was applied (transaction was committed) |
| identityId          | `String!`    | Identity ID of the user who performed the operation |
| identityDescription | `String!`    | Description of the user who performed the operation |

> | tableName           | `String!`    | Name of the table affected by the event |

Reviewer: I think there should be a note how it relates to entity name.

> | tableName           | `String!`    | Name of the table affected by the event |

Reviewer: I think there should be a note how it relates to entity name.
